Elastic License 2.0

This Elastic License is a source-available license that allows users to access
and use the source code of a product free of charge, with the exception that
users cannot provide the product to others as a managed service.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Terms

“Agreement” means this document.

“Product” means the software product, in source code format, that is made
available by the licensor under the Agreement.

“You” means an individual or entity exercising rights under the Agreement.

“Managed Service” means a service provided by you to a third party that includes
the administration, management, and support of the Product on behalf of that
third party.

Each contributor licenses you to do everything with the Product that would
otherwise infringe that contributor’s copyright in it, except as may be
prohibited by the following conditions.

Conditions

You are not granted the right to, and you will not, provide the Product to
others as a Managed Service.

If you distribute the Product or a work based on the Product, you must include
a copy of the Agreement.

You may not use the name, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the
licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
origin of the Product and reproducing the content of the notice file.

If you have granted a patent license to anyone for the Product, that license
is automatically terminated if you institute patent litigation against anyone
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
Product, or a work based on the Product, constitutes direct or contributory
patent infringement.

The Product is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the
licensor be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an
action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection
with the Product or the use or other dealings in the Product.
